Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Goddammit. what's this?
Hey. what's going on?
No need to worry.
I'm pouring it all over
every single day.
Who said that?!
Stop with your bullcrap.
and get my money!
We Strongly Oppose
Golf Course Construction
You should pay extra attention
to your health this season.
A viral flu is spreading rapidly
This year's flu is particularly
for causing a persistent cough--
Thank you for your submission
to Screenplay Contest
"Even though we are unable to
take on your submission.
we hope to do so in the future...
Lee Chae-won
They can't recognize talent.
I really enjoyed your script.
Thanks for saying that.
I thought I could achieve
something when I came here.
I guarantee your next one
will definitely succeed.
By the way. how's work?
It's a mess.
You're the true winner for
getting out of the rat race.
So. how's life
in the countryside?
Your Instagram makes it look
so quaint. perfect for writing.
Things always look better
from a distance.
Even heaven
isn't without problems.
The villagers are clashing over
the golf course construction.
There's no place without issues.
Anyway. I'll visit soon.
Sure. call me.
Okay
Bye.
How is that possible
so suddenly?
Pollen in winter?
Tell me I'm wrong.
You caused this mess. didn't you
You cut down all the trees
to build that damn golf course!
What's going on?
Are you saying I did
something bad to the tree?
The Guardian Tree
rotted overnight.
This tree is a symbol
of faith for the villagers.
She grew suspicious of villagers
supporting the development.
That's why the foreman
got angry and started a fight.
Why do you care if I drive
a foreign car or a jalopy?
Soon-ae.
Yes?
Actually. I saw something.
Like what?
Who said that?!
What did you see?
Why is he staring like that?
Mi-yeon.
Didn't you say you had
something to tell me?
What did you see?
Uh. it's nothing.
I'm gonna head back.
Okay...
This could be a good story..
Dongrok Village Guardian Tree
In Dongrok Village.
Dongsan County.
There is an extraordinary tree.
It has Tong been said that
it has protected the village
from disasters and diseases.
But it suddenly begun
to decay recently.
In response.
the residents are holding
a tutelary ritual to pray for...
Dongrok Village...
"Tutelary ritual"?
Tutelary Ritual is Performed on
First Full Moon of Lunar Year
The ritual was conducted
in 1994...
If flowers don't bloom
on the tree.
its regenerative power
has weakened...
Guardian Tree's Curse?
Plague Devastates Village.
The post has been deleted
There seems to be
something here...
Who are you?
No wonder my heart aches.
Everyone has left.
only the shell remains.
You all lived so comfortably
because of it.
What can we do?
One must pay the price.
Who the hell is he?
What is that?
What could it be?
Maybe you mistook it
because it was dark.
I told you. it was
definitely a person.
Maybe it was a drunk
lying by the ditch?
Then what about the flower?
That's just your writer's
imagination going wild!
Give me a sec.
I sent the pic. check it out.
It's too dark to see clearly.
Worry about your skin instead.
What?
I think you've got
a pimple on your neck.
What the heck?
Dammit...
What's this?
This is driving me crazy.
The flowers are about
to bloom fully.
They will arrive soon.
Let them rest in peace.
What is this...
Soon-ae. Soon-ae!
What is this. let go!
I said let go!
Where is the car key?!
Car key!
Shit!
For Your Beauty
Just One Click
You got nothing to fix.
You're at it again.
I just want to shave down
the hump a bit.
I sent you a pic. take a look.
Chae-won. no one cares!
Who only stares at your nose?
It bothers me!
How much would it cost
to shave it a bit?
Probably around $3-4.000.
- That's wild. $3-4.000?!
- Of course.
That's so expensive...
You thought it'd be cheap?
Dang it. everything is about mon
I'm off to bed!
Okay. good night.
The doors are closing.
- This nose really bothers me...
- This is an announcement.
Due to frequent
parcel thefts recently.
we kindly ask all residents
to take extra precautions.
For Your Beauty
"For Your Beauty"?
What a load of crap.
So tacky.
Let's see what Ms. Pyo ordered.
I hope it's something
I can re-sell for good money.
Who is it?
I live next door. 604.
So? What's this about?
I was wondering if you saw
a parcel in front of my door.
No. I didn't see any.
Parcels have been
disappearing lately.
can I check myself?
Could you open the door?
I said I didn't see anything!
You're being rude at this hour!
Keep it up and
I'll call the security!
Jesus!
What the hell..
It's so pretty...
If only I looked like that..
Amazing...
That's amazing.
First floor.
The doors are closing.
Don't you live in 603?
First floor. the doors are open.
Good morning!
- Hello.
- Good morning!
Chae-won!
You look different today.
did you change your makeup?
Stop pulling my leg.
You look prettier somehow.
don't you think?
Indeed.
You seem a bit more
sophisticated too.
Spill it. what did you do?
It's nothing.
I didn't do anything.
it's not like that.
What's going on?
She keeps getting prettier.
I went to the sauna.
that's all.
Come on. that's a load of crap.
Maybe she's in love.
Yeah. probably.
Prettier and prettier.
Don't touch my package.
or I'll kill you
For Your
An eye this time!
It's so pretty.
It's perfect...
Very nice.
Yeah. this is better.
Don't touch my package.
or I'll kill you
Don't you live in 603?
Shit...
Who is it?
You took my package. didn't you?
What are you saying?
You got any evidence?
Your nose I saw this morning.
That's my evidence.
Give it back.
give me back my nose!
You can't just accuse
people like that.
It's true. you stole it!
Don't be ridiculous!
Get lost before I report you!
Give it back...
Give me back my nose!
Is she insane?
Give it back! Give it back!
Keep being a bitch
and see if that works.
You stole it!
I'm gonna call
the cops for real.
Crazy bitch...
Give me back my nose!
You bitch!
My nose...
That eye is mine too.
you crazy bitch!
So pretty...
It's all mine. bitch.
How do you like it?
You even have to ask?
I love it.
Thank you.
But...
I'm so screwed.
Report Card
What do i do?
Su-yeon. the world doesn't end
because you failed one exam.
Look at me. I'm always last.
but I'm still confident.
Dumbass.
Don't pretend you know me.
it's embarrassing.
Even being last place
is pretty damn impressive.
And I know how the world works
way better than you.
You watch nothing but
urban legends on YouTube.
Oh yeah. I saw something
really wild yesterday.
What is it this time?
A curse to summon ghosts?
No. not summoning.
but how to see ghosts.
Check it out.
This is called the 'Fox's Window
put your pinkies and
index fingers together. and say.
"Today is the day you were born.
"Please show me your face."
And...
What? What's wrong?
Yu-jin is so ugly.
I'm gonna kill you!
I thought you were a ghost.
Seriously?
Who do you take after
to be this smart?
Yeah. I'll be heading home soon.
Okay. I'll be there shortly.
What's going on?
My daughter is at the top
of her class again.
The entire medical school.
no less.
Oh my. really?
Do you...
- Yeah?
Sorry. see you tomorrow.
I'm running late. okay?
It'll only take a moment..
Tomorrow. okay? I mean it.
Sorry!
But I...
Essential College Prep!
Have You Tried Everything
For Your Child's Grades?
Where are you going?
Getting some fresh air.
Why are you doing that
at this hour?
Do I need to schedule that too?
Why are you barking back at me?
I know you're hanging out
with your friends.
What did I do so wrong?
It's just a test.
I can mess up once.
You messed up once?
Gonna drop the med school?
If you messed up your grades.
at least prep for the exam.
Seriously?!
Hey!
Please introduce me
to your coordinator.
Oh man...
This is a secret
among people we know.
So. you can just tell me.
It could be dangerous.
do you really want to know?
Of course. I can do anything.
You buy a ghost...
I'm being serious.
don't joke around.
Fine. if you don't believe me.
you can forget about it.
No. I believe you.
I'll believe everything.
Listen carefully.
Take every word seriously.
If you go to this address..
you'll see a derelict building.
Go there and do exactly
what I tell you.
On the 4th floor.
find unit 414.
13...
Don't believe what you see.
and believe what you don't see.
I don't understand..
Lecture Room - 414
You'll see when you get there.
Remember what I said.
There will be one locker
with a name on it.
"Shin Se-young."
Don't hesitate.
just go inside it.
Once you're inside.
you won't see anything.
But keep moving forward
no matter what.
Then when you hear the wind..
You've arrived
at the Ghost market.
Remember. there are two rules
in the Ghost market.
Once you've bought a ghost.
you can never return it.
And never make eye contact
with a ghost.
Don't look at anything else.
and go to the altar
where the knife
and brass bowl are placed.
How far are you willing
to go for your child?
Let me rephrase that.
"How much pain you can endure?"
would be a better question.
Pain?
They don't take worldly
offerings there.
What they want is a sacrifice.
One must pay the price.
You'll see a bloodless knife
next to the rusty brass bowl.
Don't forget.
your desperation led you
to that place.
The nametag is the talisman.
It can never be separated
from the child. never.
Su-yeon. what's with you again?
She's been like this all day.
Let her be. let's go
Hong Yu-jin.
If you're gonna cheat.
at least copy the top student.
Time's up!
Collect the answer sheets.
Hey. Su-yeo
is everything okay?
Mom. I got perfect scores
on all my exams!
Really?
-Yeah!
That's incredible!
My daughter is so amazing!
Will you make
something delicious?
Isn't that obvious?!
I'll make everything you like
and wait for you.
Mom. you know I love you. right?
Of course I do. I'll see you soo
Okay. see you later!
Wait a minute.
you got perfect scores?
Yoon Su-yeon! What's going on?
Wait. no. no. hold on.
You suddenly got perfect scores?
Did you steal the exam papers?
Dumbass. stop talking nonsense!
It doesn't make sense.
she hung out with us every day.
Maybe I'm just smarter than you.
Give me that.
Let's take a look.
She definitely stole the exam.
No way.
No wonder. she was memorizing
something even during breaks.
Knock it off.
Did you pick your nose?
She stayed up all night
without telling us.
You said you went to bed
early yesterday. I feel so betrayed.
What's that stench?
Why are you so late?
Come. have dinner.
If you're gonna be late.
can't you at least call?
Su-yeon!
What's wrong with you?!
Stop!
Don't...
What do I do?
Are you okay?
Honey. please wake up!
Su-yeon!
Are you okay?
Mom...
What's happening?!
You see this blue area here?
This is the hippocampus.
and the blood flow is a bit low.
But it's not too severe.
so there's no need for concern.
The hippocampus is involved in
memory and learning.
This is a common symptom in
students from academic stress.
Doctor. am I really okay?
Is there somewhere else
that's uncomfortable?
I feel fine most of the time.
butsometimes when I focus.
I feel like I'm not myself.
Shin Se-young
By the way.
you don't look so good.
you should get a check-up too.
mothers with bigh school seniors
can experience more stress
than the students themselves.
After all. you have to
sacrifice a lot for your child.
Let's stop...
Shin Se-young
I'm catching that bastard today.
Stick close! Closer!
Step on it!
Left.
Catch him! Catch that bastard!
Get him!
Go after him!
Ryu Jung-su. stop right there!
Stop running. asshole!
Dammit!
Get him!
You son of a bitch.
How can he keep running?
You bastard!
Stop...
Stop right there!
Freeze. you son of a bitch!
You bastard.
you had to run away
in the hilly neighborhood?
My knees are busted. asshole.
Let's do this the easy way.
don't try to provoke me.
It won't end well for you.
Sergeant. calm down!
Let go of me!
Calm down. sir.
this is not the way!
Don't move.
Ryu Jung-su. you have
the right to an attorney.
and the right to refuse--
Hey! Stop!
Dammit!
Get the car.
Hurry!
Yes. sir.
Pull over for a sec.
Wait. didn't we
just pass this way?
Yes. it's the same road.
Shit...
I'm sorry. sergeant.
I was just trying to follow
procedures earlier...
Forget it.
You know I got disciplined
for excessive force.
I'm sure you were nervous.
afraid that I was gonna
have another incident.
Officer Yoon Geon.
- Yes. sir?
How long have you been working?
It's been just under a month.
A month?
- Yes. sir.
You're still a rookie.
a very fresh rookie.
Don't get in the way from now on
just play the support role.
I'll take all the blame
if things go wrong. got it?
Yes. sergeant.
Capt. Choi. about the Ryu case.
can you check where
your men are on a stakeout?
I'll take a crack at it.
Just back me up once.
I'll take care of it.
Dammit...
I'll call you back.
Do we keep searching?
Of course.
Is it really okay for us to
do this without a warrant?
Christ.
Sir.
One more disciplinary action.
you'll turn in the badge.
Then you should've
caught him earlier. idiot!
Let's move.
Go into the alley.
Hold on.
Slow down.
That looks like Ryu's van.
Turn off-the lights.
That's the one.
Let's move.
Okay.
Let's go inside.
What?
Follow me.
What's that?
This feels off.
Pardon?
Flowers are blooming on a stump.
Stay close.
Yes. sir.
Grab the door.
Jesus Christ...
Ryu's not a simple kidnapper.
He must be involved in
organ trafficking.
Organ trafficking?
Shit...
Geon. we hit the jackpot.
We may be able to reel in
an entire organization.
Sir. should I call in for backup
Are you nuts?
I gotta take him down myself
to get back on good graces.
Follow me.
Check there.
- Yes. sir.
- Sergeant!
- What?
Christ...
These don't look very old.
I'm going in.
What are these fuckers up to?
Shit...
It's Ryu. right?
Yeah.
Hold on.
Move aside.
- Geon.
- Yes?
Turn the music off.
Yes. sir.
For Your Beauty
I think these bastards
were watching us. sir.
Geon.
Yes. sir?
Sons of bitches...
What have they done?
She's still alive
Sir. I think we got
enough evidence.
Yeah. request backup.
let's get out of here.
Yes. sir.
What's going on?!
What is it?!
Geon!
Put him down. asshole!
You son of a bitch!
You okay? Geon!
Are you okay?
Goddammit!
Get up. it's okay!
Stay awake!
Good. get up.
Hang in there!
We're close!
Almost there.
just hang in there!
Die. fucker!
Shit...
The victim is a 20-year-old
Korean exchange student.
Is this her?
According to the testimony.
she died while doing
something with her friends.
'Fox's Window?
What is that?
It's a game.
It lets you see ghosts.
You're saying she died
while fooling around?
Trying to see ghosts?
Please don't joke around.
this is a serious matter.
I saw it with my own eyes!
My friends met their tragic end
after playing that!
I really saw it!
I could be next...
At the University of Vietnam
I'm taking a class
on folk beliefs
doesn't it sound interesting?
...spiritual practices vary.
humans universally share
a colorful imagination
of spirits and the unseen.
Professor!
She's at it again?
She's a bookworm.
Unlike this girl.
Why do some still claim
that they're not real?
Thao!
Yes?
What do you think
about the question?
Uh. uh... it's...
It's interesting.
How so?
Because...
I've never seen a ghost.
A clever answer.
Spirits and ghosts have long bee
a product of our imagination.
There is no scientific evidence.
which are all untrue.
For example.
according to rumor.
the abandoned lot
near our school
was a former worshipping ground
and believed to be the passage
to the spirit world.
which are all untrue.
If you want to continue
this discussion.
to visit me
in my office.
Thank you for today.
Likewise.
What's wrong with your eyes?
Wanna go somewhere else
after this?
Clubbing? I know a fun place.
Nah.
Somewhere else more interesting.
How about that place
Prof. Minh mentioned?
The fenced-off area
near our school?
What's there to explore?
I need content.
What content?
Is this the right place?
This staircase looks so scary!
People were saying
a ghost is in the ceiling.
so I said there's no way!
Over 130K views?!
Yeah. it went viral.
So. I want to do it again.
Are you coming?
Okay! I'm in!
With me there. you might get
millions of views!
Going out at night
to some deserted place?
At this time?
Are you afraid of ghosts?
I'm scared of junkies!
Don't worry.
I've investigated.
it's safe.
Let's go!
Just look at this place!
Oh my gosh...
Look!
We can climb over.
Thao!
Come on. that's okay.
Look at there.
Are you sure this place is safe?
Yeah.
Watch this.
Lana. come on!
Lana. look at that.
Thao!
It's like that well from
The Ring!
What's that?
Didn't you say
this place is haunted?
Yeah.
So. who knows?
We'll get lucky tonight.
Lucky how?
If I capture a ghost on camera.
guaranteed a million views!
I know how to see ghosts.
You do?
I saw it in Thai movies.
You look so dumb right now!
And you look less ugly
upside down!
How do you see ghosts
in Vietnam?
My mom once scolded me
for brushing my hair at night.
because a ghost might
possess you or something.
Oh my god. shit.
I brush my hair at night
all the time.
That's why you don't look like
a normal person. right?
Very funny.
How about Korea?
I bet you don't know!
Back in my high school.
there's a game our seniors used
called 'Fox's Window.'
Here. film me.
Okay.
You do this with your fingers
and while chanting.
Today is the day
you were born."
"Today is the day
"Please show me your face."
Oh gosh!
I see a ghost in front of me!
That was good!
You should be an actress.
Now teach me!
I wanna try!
Okay...
And twist...
"Today is the day
you were born."
Please show me your face."
Hey. I think I see something.
It looks like a black ball..
No. wait. it's a...
Alright. very funny guys.
That's enough.
Let it go.
She can't move.
Can you two stop
acting like kids for once?
Lana!
Lana! Lana!
Hey. look!
She's gone!
That's enough!
Let it go!
Why won't this work?
It's my fault.
if only I didn't take her there.
- It's all my fault!
- Se-jin!
Se-jin!
What are you doing?
This is not a dream.
It's all my fault...
If only I didn't take her there.
It's all my fault..
Rest for now.
Take a rest. let me find a way.
If only I didn't take her there.
It's all my fault...
That's enough.
Let it go.
She can't move.
Can you two stop
acting like kids for once?
Missed Calls - Se-jin
Have breakfast before you go!
Se-jin. please pick up!
Se-jin!
Please!
Se-jin. Se-jin!
What's going on?
Let me through!
No. you're not allowed!
You can't come in here!
Officer Khoa.
get her out of here.
Please leave.
Okay. thank you.
You may leave.
We'll call you if we need you.
That's enough.
A clever and rational person
should trust only
in what they see.
not impractical tales.
If you want to continue
this discussion.
visit me
in my office.
That land has bad feng shui.
After the well was built.
strange things started happening
so. it has been abandoned
for a long time.
As I said in class.
there is a path leading to
the spirit world.
This pot can seal evil spirits.
What you must do is.
find something that
the evil spirit left behind.
It could be hair.
or a fingernail.
Will this save me. professor?
It might.
This will take you to a place.
where someone can help you.
Where..
is that?
A place you have to see
with your eyes to believe.
What is that?
There are things
that will bring disaster.
and humans are forbidden
to look at them.
The smell is familiar..
the daughter has come.
instead of the mother.
My mom?
You were born with good eyes.
They'll be useful in many ways.
I'm sorry. child.
This is the only way
to save your soul.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm